Worker Versioning (#277)
temporalio/samples-typescript: worker-versioning/README.md

# Build ID Based Versioning

> This sample illustrates how to use Build ID based versioning to help you appropriately roll out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample illustrates how to use [Build ID based versioning](https://docs.temporal.io/workers#worker-versioning) to help you appropriately roll out
```

Reviewer: might be a little confusing that we have 2 names for this? thought it was called "Worker Versioning"

Author: Yeah, we do, this is a copy-paste error I think

incompatible and compatible changes to workflow and activity code for the same task queue.

## Description

The sample shows you how to roll out both a compatible change and an incompatible change to a
workflow.

## Running

> 1. Run a [Temporal service](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/#how-to-use).
> 2. Run
>    ```
>    npm run example
>    ```
>    to run the example. It starts multiple workers and workflows and demonstrates their interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `temporal server start-dev --dynamic-config-value frontend.workerVersioningDataAPIs=true --dynamic-config-value frontend.workerVersioningWorkflowAPIs=true --dynamic-config-value worker.buildIdScavengerEnabled=true` to start [Temporal Server](https://github.com/temporalio/cli/#installation) with Worker Versioning enabled.
1. `npm install` to install dependencies.
1. `npm run example` to run the example. It starts multiple workers and workflows and demonstrates their interaction.
```
to match other samples

Author: Great catch
